autosuggest.enable = True
clink.colorize_input = True
cmd.auto_answer = answer_yes

color.arg = default
color.arginfo = yellow
color.cmd = yellow
color.cmdredir = bold
color.cmdsep = bold
color.comment_row = bright white on cyan
color.description = bright cyan
color.doskey = yellow
color.executable = yellow
color.filtered = bold
color.flag = bright cyan
color.interact = bold
color.message = default
color.suggestion = bright black
color.unexpected = white
color.unrecognized = white

history.expand_mode = not_dquoted
history.ignore_space = False
history.max_lines = 10000
history.shared = True
prompt.transient = always

color.git.star = bright green
color.yarn.module = bright green
color.yarn.script = bright blue

